Update React.js README.md (#15)
chec/example.checkout.v2: README.md

# Store using Commerce.js & React

This demo-store uses [Commerce.js](https://github.com/chec/commerce.js), an eCommerce client-side 
JavaScript SDK. [View the live demo](https://chec.github.io/example.checkout.v2/#/).

# Spin up a local demo
Follow the instructions below to [install the Chec CLI](https://github.com/chec/cli#usage).

> ## Use [Chec CLI](https://github.com/chec/cli) to create copy of source code on your local computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install source code using the [Chec CLI](https://github.com/chec/cli)
```

To keep the headings a bit shorter

> Use the Chec CLI to create copy of source code on your local computer. First follow the instructions to install the Chec CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Chec CLI to create copy of the source code on your computer. First follow the instructions to install the Chec CLI.
```

Once installed login using the Chec login command. Then run the Chec demo-store command and select the `react-shoe-store`.

> If authenticated successfully (tip: use Chec whoami) your Chec dashboard should now include two sample products, seeded by the Chec CLI, and a demo store directory in your root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If authenticated successfully (tip: use `chec whoami`) your Chec Dashboard should now include two sample products, seeded by the Chec CLI, and your terminal should have a `react-shoe-store` directory.
```

> ## Clone & Use NPM script `seed`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone & use NPM script `seed`
```

> You can also skip the use of the `Chec CLI` and instead clone the repo, switch to the `react.js` branch, make a copy of `.env.example` into `.env`—setting the variables needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also skip the use of the Chec CLI and instead clone the repo, switch to the `react.js` branch, make a copy of `.env.example` into `.env` and setting the variables needed. 
```
